---
layout: post
title: Whoops
date: 2018-07-16T00:00:00.000Z
categories: jekyll git update
published: true
tags: code 
---

Five months later and, hey look at that, after [fubaring][fubar] the site to kingdom come I finally got it to build again. Woo hoo! Do I have *any* business running a site with [Jekyll][J] through [Netlify][n] and [GitHub][g]? Not even a bit. Do I know the first thing about fixing the site if it breaks? Yes, yes I do. Let me tell you a story. 

A long time ago, in a version of this site far far away, a young man (let's just call him Jon for now) built a site with Jekyll and GitHub and Netlify. He decided that the basic theme included with the basic install of Jekyll wasn't up to his standards and he wanted to do something *different*. So he went in search of how to change a theme in Jekyll and saw that it had something to do with... oh fuck it, let's just copy this in here and see what happens. 

The next thing he knew, he couldn't get the site to build, he couldn't add new pages, and he couldn't quite figure out how to get a detached head in Git to... do anything. He'd rolled back changes a couple of times and that hadn't really worked so well so instead of buckling down and learning something new he promptly got distracted by getting a new job. 

Five months later he decided it was time to fix this inglorious mess and, becuase of his deep understanding of jekyll, git, github and the like -- he just went ahead and nuked the whole thing and started from scratch. Thrice. 

Yup, that's a fact, instead of learning something (though I did end up learning things), I deleted the whole shebang, restarted it, started a whole new repo on GitHub (twice) and redeplyed with Netlify. It's entirely stupid how I fixed it, but I now have absolute confidence that if I break this place again I'll be able to rebuild from scratch in under an hour or two. We'll call it a win.

[fubar]: https://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=fubar "I can't believe I'm linking to urban dictionary"
[J]: https://jekyllrb.com "Jekyll... Ruby. I'm over my head."
[n]: https://netlify.com "Netlify is, at least, something that is familiar to me. it reads as a fancy/geeky version of all the hosting sites I used to use."
[g]: https://github.com "GitHub -- because I can(ish)."
